https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-6529 Adding support note for Gat… (#5533)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: governance/gatekeeper_policy.adoc

Gatekeeper is a validating webhook with auditing capabilities that can enforce custom resource definition-based policies that are run with the Open Policy Agent (OPA). You can install Gatekeeper on your cluster by using the Gatekeeper operator policy. Gatekeeper constraints can be used to evaluate Kubernetes resource compliance. You can leverage OPA as the policy engine, and use Rego as the policy language.

> *Important:* A {product-title} or {ocp} Plus subscription is required to install Gatekeeper and apply Gatekeeper policies to your cluster. 

Author: The original statement from the KCS is: 

"A RHACM or Red Hat OpenShift Platform Plus subscription is required to install Gatekeeper, which provides a way for you to apply Gatekeeper policies without using RHACM."

It is contradictory to say without RHACM, so i suggested this change. Is the suggested support statement still accurate? @mprahl

Reviewer: Yes, I like your wording!

Author: @mprahl thanks for confirming! I will also update the KCS

> *Important:* A {product-title} or {ocp} Plus subscription is required to install Gatekeeper and apply Gatekeeper policies to your cluster. 

Author: ```suggestion
*Important:* A {product-title} or {ocp} Plus subscription is required to install Gatekeeper and apply Gatekeeper policies to your cluster. Gatekeeper is supported only on {ocp-short} versions, except version 3.11, supported by the latest version of {product-title-short}.
```

Reviewer: @dockerymick, yes that sounds great.

> *Important:* A {product-title} or {ocp} Plus subscription is required to install Gatekeeper and apply Gatekeeper policies to your cluster. Gatekeeper is supported only on {ocp-short} versions, except version 3.11, supported by the latest version of {product-title-short}.

Reviewer 2: Optional. Sometimes, I find *important* messages easy to overlook, because they're not actually streamlined into the abstract/into. 

Do you think we should immediately incorporate this content in the abstract/intro above? 

For example:

`A {product-title} or {ocp} Plus subscription is required to install Gatekeeper and apply Gatekeeper policies to your cluster. Gatekeeper is supported only on {ocp-short} versions, except version 3.11, supported by the latest version of {product-title-short}. Gatekeeper is a validating webhook with auditing capabilities that can enforce custom resource definition-based policies that are run with the Open Policy Agent (OPA). You can install Gatekeeper on your cluster by using the Gatekeeper operator policy. Gatekeeper constraints can be used to evaluate Kubernetes resource compliance. You can leverage OPA as the policy engine, and use Rego as the policy language.`

I defer to you since you know the product more and can make this call better :)

Author: @jc-berger thanks for sharing your viewpoint, Jake. I can imagine how the important notice can be missed. Based on the team's [Special tag guidance](https://stolostron.github.io/rhacm-docs/wr_special_tag_guidance), I recommend that we keep the bold. The more i read this, I realize that this might be best as a Prerequisite. 

Gatekeeper is a validating webhook with auditing capabilities that can enforce custom resource definition-based policies that are run with the Open Policy Agent (OPA). You can install Gatekeeper on your cluster by using the Gatekeeper operator policy. Gatekeeper constraints can be used to evaluate Kubernetes resource compliance. You can leverage OPA as the policy engine, and use Rego as the policy language.

**Prerequisite**: A {product-title} or {ocp} Plus subscription is required to install Gatekeeper and apply Gatekeeper policies to your cluster. Gatekeeper is supported only on {ocp-short} versions, except version 3.11, supported by the latest version of {product-title-short}.

Gatekeeper policies are written using constraint templates (`ConstraintTemplates`) and constraints. View the following YAML examples that use Gatekeeper constraints in {product-title-short} policies:

.
.
.
.

Thoughts??

Gus made a comment in the issue speaking about multiple prerequisites.

Reviewer 2: I think what you have above is great! My only suggestion is to make the Prereqs bullets for readability/scannability. But even then, I think that's optional. Something like:

**Prerequisites**

- Make sure you have a subscription to a {product-title} or {ocp} so you can install Gatekeeper and apply Gatekeeper policies to your cluster. 
- Make sure you have {ocp-short} versions, because Gatekeeper is only supported on {ocp-short} versions, except version 3.11, supported by the latest version of {product-title-short}.

> *Important:* A {product-title} or {ocp} Plus subscription is required to install Gatekeeper and apply Gatekeeper policies to your cluster. Gatekeeper is supported only on {ocp-short} versions, except version 3.11, supported by the latest version of {product-title-short}.

Author: @jc-berger good point. since there is only one prereq right now, I can start the list after @dhaiducek or @yiraeChristineKim provides that info. the second statement doesn't seem like a prereq, but a more of a note. I wouldn't add the `*Note:*` bc too much bold can be distracting 
```suggestion
*Prerequisite:* You must have a {product-title} or {ocp} Plus subscription to install Gatekeeper and apply Gatekeeper policies to your cluster. Gatekeeper is supported only on {ocp-short} versions, except version 3.11, that are supported by the latest version of {product-title-short}.
```

* See link:https://github.com/open-cluster-management-io/policy-collection/blob/main/stable/CM-Configuration-Management/policy-gatekeeper-operator-downstream.yaml[`policy-gatekeeper-operator.yaml`] for more details.

> * See link:https://www.openpolicyagent.org/docs/latest/kubernetes-introduction/#what-is-opa-gatekeeper[What is OPA Gatekeeper] for more details.

Reviewer 2: Optional: I find links easier to click if they end a sentence. That is, no text after the clickable link. 

Example:

`For more details, see link:https://www.openpolicyagent.org/docs/latest/kubernetes-introduction/#what-is-opa-gatekeeper[What is OPA Gatekeeper].`

> * See link:https://www.openpolicyagent.org/docs/latest/kubernetes-introduction/#what-is-opa-gatekeeper[What is OPA Gatekeeper] for more details.

Author: ```suggestion
For more details, see link:https://www.openpolicyagent.org/docs/latest/kubernetes-introduction/#what-is-opa-gatekeeper[What is OPA Gatekeeper].
```

> * See xref:../governance/create_config_pol.adoc#managing-configuration-policies[Managing configuration policies] for more information about managing other policies. Refer to xref:../governance/grc_intro.adoc#governance[Governance] for more topics on the security framework. 

Author: ```suggestion
* See xref:../governance/create_config_pol.adoc#managing-configuration-policies[Managing configuration policies] for more information about managing other policies

* Refer to xref:../governance/grc_intro.adoc#governance[Governance] for more topics on the security framework. 
```
